Testing: I am playing as RED
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
. . . . . . . . . . . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 

minimax depth = 3
best child at depth  2
best child eval = 9
r r r . . b . r r b b 
r r r b . b r r r r . 
r r r r . . b r r . r 
. . r r . b b b b r r 
. . . r . r . . . . . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b . r r b b r r 
. . b . b r r . b . b 
b b b b b r . . b b b 
. r . r b . r b b b b 
. r r r . b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -inf
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
r r r r . . b b b . . 
r b b b . r b b b r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 6
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b b b r r . r 
. . . b b b . . . . . 
r r . . . . . . . . . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 5
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
r . r r r b b b b r r 
r . . . b b b b . r r 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -inf
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
r r . . b b b b . r r 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 7
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b b b r r . r 
. . . b b b . . . . . 
r . . . . . . . . . r 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -inf
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. r r r r b b b b r r 
r r . . b b b b . . r 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -inf
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
b b b b . r r r r . . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 8
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
b b b b . . . . r r r 
r b b b . r b b r r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -inf
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
r . r r r b b b b r r 
r r . . b b b b . . r 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -inf
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
b r r r r . . . b b b 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 7
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
b b b b . . . r r r r 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 9
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
r r r . . . b b b . r 
r b b b . r b b b r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 7
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
b b b b r r r r . . . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -inf
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
b b b b . . r r r . . 
r b b b . r b b r r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 7
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. r r r r b b b b r r 
r r r . . . b b b b . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 5
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
r . . . b b b b r r r 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 7
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b b b r r . r 
. . . b b b . . . . . 
. r r . . . . . . . . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 8
r r r . . b . r r b b 
r r r b . b r r r r . 
r r r r . . b r r . r 
. . r r . b b b b r r 
. . r r . . . . . . . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b b b r r . b . b 
b b b b . r . . b b b 
. r . r . . r b b b b 
. r r r . b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 6
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. r r r r b b b b r r 
. r r r . . b b b . . 
r b b b . r b b b r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 9
r r r . . b . r r b b 
r r r b . b r r r r . 
r r r r . . b r r . r 
. . r r b b b b b r r 
. . . b b r r . . . . 
r b b b b r b b . r r 
r . b b . r r b b r r 
. . b . . r r . b . b 
b b b . . r . . b b b 
. r . r . . r b b b b 
. r r r . b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 8
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
b b b b . . . r r r . 
r b b b . r b b r r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 9
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
r . r r r b b b b r r 
r r r . . . b b b . . 
r b b b . r b b b r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -inf
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
b b b b . . r r r r . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 5
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
b . . r r r r . b b b 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -inf
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
. . r r r b b b b r r 
b . r r r r . . b b b 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


best child at depth  3
best child eval = 9
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
r . r r r b b b b r r 
r r r . . . . . . . . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 


minimax eval =  9
r r r . b b . r r b b 
r r r b b b r r r r . 
r r r r b . b r r . r 
r . r r r b b b b r r 
r r r . . . . . . . . 
r b b b . r b b . r r 
r . b b b r r b b r r 
. . b . r r r . b . b 
b b b . r r . . b b b 
. r . r r . r b b b b 
. r r r b b r r . b b 