best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r r . . . r 
r . r b . . . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b b r 
r r b b b . . b b . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b b r r r r 
r r b b . b r r r . r 
r . r b . b . r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . b r r r r 
r r b b . . b . . . r 
r . r b . . b b r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b r r r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b . r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . r r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b b . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b b r r r r 
r r b b . . r r r . r 
r . r b . . . r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b b b b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r r . . . r 
r . r b b b b . r r r 
. . r b b b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . . r r r r 
r r b b b . . . . . r 
r . r b b b . . r r r 
. . r b b b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . r r 
r r b b b . . b r r r 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b b r r r r 
r r b b . . b r r . r 
r . r b . . r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b b . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . b r r r r 
r r b b b b b r r . r 
r . r b . . r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . . r r r r 
r r b b . b r r r . r 
r . r b b b b r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r b . . . r 
r . r b b b b . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b r . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . b r r r r 
r r b b . b b r r . r 
r . r b . . r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . b b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r r . . . r 
r . r b . . . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b b r 
r r b b b . . b . b . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r r . . . r 
r . r b . . . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r b r b b b . . b r . 
r b b . b . b b b r r 
. b b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r r . . . r 
r . r b . . . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r b . . b . b b b r r 
b b b b b . b b . . r 
b r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 0
r . . b b . . r r r r 
r r b b . b . . . . r 
r . r b . b b b r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r . r 
r r b b b . . b r r . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . b r r r r 
r r b b . . b . . . r 
r . r b . . b . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . r r 
r r b b b . b b r r r 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b b r r r r 
r r b b . . b r r . r 
r . r b . . r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . b b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . . r r r r 
r r b b r r r r . . r 
r . r b . . . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b b . r 
r r b b b . . b b b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . . r r r r 
r r b b r r r r . . r 
r . r b . . . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . b r 
r r b b b . . b b b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . . r r r r 
r r b b r r r r . . r 
r . r b . . . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r b r b b b . . b r . 
r b . . b . b b b r r 
b b b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r r . . . r 
r . r b . . . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b b b r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . . r r r r 
r r b b . b . r r . r 
r . r b b b r r r r r 
. . r b b b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 0
r . . b b . . r r r r 
r r b b . b b r r . r 
r . r b b b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . . r r r r 
r r b b b b b . . . r 
r . r b . . b . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r . r 
r r b b b . . b r r . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b . b r r . . r 
r . r b . . r . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b b b b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b b r r . . . r 
r . r b b b b . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 0
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r r b . . r 
r . r b . b b b r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b . r r r r 
r r b b . b b . . . r 
r . r b . . b . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b r r r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b . r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b b r r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b . b r r r r 
r r b b . . b . . . r 
r . r b . b b . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b r r r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 0
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r r . . . r 
r . r b . . . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b b . r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b . r 
r r b b b . . b b . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 0
r . . b b . . r r r r 
r r b b . b b b . . r 
r . r b . . b . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b r r r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r r . . . r 
r . r b . . . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b b b r 
r r b b b . . b . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 0
r . . b b . b r r r r 
r r b b . b b r r . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 0
r . . b b b b r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . r r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b . r r r r 
r r b b . b b r r . r 
r . r b . . r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b b . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b r r r r r r 
r r b b . r b b b . r 
r . r b . . b . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b r . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b . r r r r 
r r b b b b . r r . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  3
best child eval = -1
r . . b b b . r r r r 
r r b b b b . . . . r 
r . r b . b . . r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


eval =  -1
Testing: BLUE is playing a PLACE action
* referee : BLUE plays action PLACE(0-5, 1-4, 1-5, 2-5)
* referee : 
* referee : =========================== game board ===========================
* referee : 
* referee :                       r . . b b b . r r r r 
* referee :                       r r b b b b . . . . r 
* referee :                       r . r b . b . . r r r 
* referee :                       . . r b . b b r r r . 
* referee :                       r r r b . b . r r r r 
* referee :                       r . r b b b . . b r . 
* referee :                       r . . . b . b b b r r 
* referee :                       . . b b b . b b . . r 
* referee :                       . r b b b . b b . r r 
* referee :                       r r r . b b b b . . r 
* referee :                       r r b b b . . b . . . 
* referee : 
* referee : ==================================================================
* referee : 
Testing: BLUE played PLACE action: 1-4, 2-5, 0-5, 1-5
Testing: BLUE played PLACE action: 1-4, 2-5, 0-5, 1-5
* referee : RED to play (turn 21) ...
Testing: RED is playing a PLACE action
* referee : RED plays action PLACE(0-6, 1-6, 2-6, 2-7)
* referee : 
* referee : =========================== game board ===========================
* referee : 
* referee :                       r . . b b b r r r r r 
* referee :                       r r b b b b r . . . r 
* referee :                       r . r b . b r r r r r 
* referee :                       . . r b . b b r r r . 
* referee :                       r r r b . b . r r r r 
* referee :                       r . r b b b . . b r . 
* referee :                       r . . . b . b b b r r 
* referee :                       . . b b b . b b . . r 
* referee :                       . r b b b . b b . r r 
* referee :                       r r r . b b b b . . r 
* referee :                       r r b b b . . b . . . 
* referee : 
* referee : ==================================================================
* referee : 
Testing: RED played PLACE action: 1-6, 2-6, 2-7, 0-6
Testing: RED played PLACE action: 1-6, 2-6, 2-7, 0-6
* referee : BLUE to play (turn 22) ...
total no. of valid moves = 16
depth = 3
accessing moves_dict
best child at depth  2
best child eval = 1
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r r r b b b . . b r . 
r r . . b . b b b r r 
r r b b b . b b b b r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b . r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r r r r b . b b b r r 
. r b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b b r 
r r b b b . . b b . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r b r b b b . . b r . 
r b . . b . b b b r r 
b b b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r r r 
r r b b b . . b r . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r b b b b . b b b r r 
. b b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r r r 
r r b b b . . b r . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r b b . b . b b b r r 
b b b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r r r 
r r b b b . . b r . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r r r r b . b b b r r 
. r b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b b r 
r r b b b . . b . b . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r b r b b b . . b r . 
r b b . b . b b b r r 
. b b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r r r 
r r b b b . . b r . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = 1
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r r . . b . b b b r r 
r r b b b . b b . . r 
r r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . b r 
r r b b b . . b b b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r r r r b . b b b r r 
. r b b b . b b b . r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b . r 
r r b b b . . b b . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r r r r b . b b b r r 
. r b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b b b r 
r r b b b . . b . b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r b . . b . b b b r r 
b b b b b . b b . . r 
b r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r r r 
r r b b b . . b r . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r r r r b . b b b r r 
. r b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b b b r 
r r b b b . . b b b . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r r r r b . b b b r r 
. r b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b . r 
r r b b b . . b b b . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r r r r b . b b b r r 
. r b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b b . r 
r r b b b . . b b b b 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r b r b b b . . b r . 
r b b b b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b r r r 
r r r . b b b b r r r 
r r b b b . . b r . . 


best child at depth  2
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r r r r b . b b b r r 
. r b b b . b b b . r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b b r 
r r b b b . . b . . . 


best child at depth  3
best child eval = 1
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r . r b b b . . b r . 
r . . . b . b b b r r 
. . b b b . b b . . r 
. r b b b . b b . r r 
r r r . b b b b . b r 
r r b b b . . b b b b 


eval =  1
Testing: BLUE is playing a PLACE action
* referee : BLUE plays action PLACE(9-9, 10-8, 10-9, 10-10)
* referee : 
* referee : =========================== game board ===========================
* referee : 
* referee :                       r . . b b b r r r r r 
* referee :                       r r b b b b r . . . r 
* referee :                       r . r b . b r r r r r 
* referee :                       . . r b . b b r r r . 
* referee :                       r r r b . b . r r r r 
* referee :                       r . r b b b . . b r . 
* referee :                       r . . . b . b b b r r 
* referee :                       . . b b b . b b . . r 
* referee :                       . r b b b . b b . r r 
* referee :                       r r r . b b b b . b r 
* referee :                       r r b b b . . b b b b 
* referee : 
* referee : ==================================================================
* referee : 
Testing: BLUE played PLACE action: 10-9, 10-10, 10-8, 9-9
Testing: BLUE played PLACE action: 10-9, 10-10, 10-8, 9-9
* referee : RED to play (turn 23) ...
Testing: RED is playing a PLACE action
* referee : RED plays action PLACE(5-1, 6-1, 7-0, 7-1)
* referee : 
* referee : =========================== game board ===========================
* referee : 
* referee :                       r . . b b b r r r r r 
* referee :                       r r b b b b r . . . r 
* referee :                       r . r b . b r r r r r 
* referee :                       . . r b . b b r r r . 
* referee :                       r r r b . b . r r r r 
* referee :                       r r r b b b . . b r . 
* referee :                       r r . . b . b b b r r 
* referee :                       r r b b b . b b . . r 
* referee :                       . r b b b . b b . r r 
* referee :                       r r r . b b b b . b r 
* referee :                       r r b b b . . b b b b 
* referee : 
* referee : ==================================================================
* referee : 
Testing: RED played PLACE action: 6-1, 7-0, 7-1, 5-1
Testing: RED played PLACE action: 6-1, 7-0, 7-1, 5-1
* referee : BLUE to play (turn 24) ...
total no. of valid moves = 1
depth = 4
accessing moves_dict
best child at depth  3
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r r r b . b r r r r r 
r r r b . b b r r r r 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r r r b b b . . b r . 
r r . . b . b b b r r 
r r b b b . b b b b r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b b r 
r r b b b . . b b b b 


best child at depth  4
best child eval = inf
r . . b b b r r r r r 
r r b b b b r . . . r 
r . r b . b r r r r r 
. . r b . b b r r r . 
r r r b . b . r r r r 
r r r b b b . . b r . 
r r . . b . b b b r r 
r r b b b . b b b b r 
. r b b b . b b b r r 
r r r . b b b b b b r 
r r b b b . . b b b b 


eval =  inf
Testing: BLUE is playing a PLACE action
* referee : BLUE plays action PLACE(7-8, 7-9, 8-8, 9-8)
* referee : 
* referee : =========================== game board ===========================
* referee : 
* referee :                       r . . b b b r r r r r 
* referee :                       r r b b b b r . . . r 
* referee :                       r . r b . b r r r r r 
* referee :                       . . r b . b b r r r . 
* referee :                       r r r b . b . r r r r 
* referee :                       r r r b b b . . b r . 
* referee :                       r r . . b . b b b r r 
* referee :                       r r b b b . b b b b r 
* referee :                       . r b b b . b b b r r 
* referee :                       r r r . b b b b b b r 
* referee :                       r r b b b . . b b b b 
* referee : 
* referee : ==================================================================
* referee : 
Testing: BLUE played PLACE action: 7-9, 8-8, 9-8, 7-8
Testing: BLUE played PLACE action: 7-9, 8-8, 9-8, 7-8
* referee : RED to play (turn 25) ...
Testing: RED is playing a PLACE action
* referee : RED plays action PLACE(2-1, 3-0, 3-1, 3-10)
* referee : 
* referee : =========================== game board ===========================
* referee : 
* referee :                       r . . b b b r r r r r 
* referee :                       r r b b b b r . . . r 
* referee :                       r r r b . b r r r r r 
* referee :                       r r r b . b b r r r r 
* referee :                       r r r b . b . r r r r 
* referee :                       r r r b b b . . b r . 
* referee :                       r r . . b . b b b r r 
* referee :                       r r b b b . b b b b r 
* referee :                       . r b b b . b b b r r 
* referee :                       r r r . b b b b b b r 
* referee :                       r r b b b . . b b b b 
* referee : 
* referee : ==================================================================
* referee : 
* referee : game over, winner is RED
* referee @ result: player 1 [randy:Agent]